Add a setting allowing to throttle ANALYZE (#13046)
crate/crate: docs/sql/statements/analyze.rst

The statistics are also periodically updated. How often can be configured with
the :ref:`stats.service.interval <stats.service.interval>` setting.

> Statistics collection IO can be throttled with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I/O throughput during collection of statistics can be throttled with the
```

> :ref:`stats.service.max_bytes_per_sec <stats.service.max_bytes_per_sec>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:ref:`stats.service.max_bytes_per_sec`
```

setting. Setting can be applied when analysis is in progress and thus it's

> possible to adjust optimal value for a concrete setup by running ``ANALYZE``

Reviewer: Myself I like this sentence to be included but I'd rephrase it a bit:
```
Changes to this setting can be made and take effect while an analysis is in progress, this it's possible...
```
